Hello such friends youtube them
I'm going to teach how to put together the motorcycle bati
batman the lego first we need a
piece of these
after one of these
that goes on the reverse
after or another of these
so we would stay
we continue with 1 floor of 2 x 4
it would be like this
we continue with two pieces of these
that go on the tip of the rice
or black
so we would stay
then we need one of these
four of these
one on each side
and so we would stay
then we need two blacks of these
that go like this
after four of these
in the holes
well in these holes
A) Yes
then you are four
that go like this
and so we would stay
then we need four of these that
they go in these holes
then we need four of these
thin
or if you do not have two of these thicknesses
and so we would have the motorcycle
now to follow us we need two of
these are 6
2 and 6
21 of 6 and so we would need to
two of these after one of these
we would sink
so we would stay with one of
these
that goes here
after one of these
we continue with one of these
we have to leave a space for
let the doll be, then we continue with
one of these
Y
two of these
and finally two of these pieces
what is the steering wheel practically
that go in the holes
that had shown up a minute ago
and so we would stay
then we put it on the motorcycle
and if you want to add some weapons
we can put some missiles
what if we would stay
and that was all for the boys if they want
go back to see another one of my videos about
one this Saturday thank you so much later